Buttermilk Biscuits
Buttermilk biscuits made from scratch are incredibly easy and come out tall, fluffy and flaky with just one simple trick. Eat them on their own, with a smear of butter, or use as a base for sausage gravy, strawberry shortcake, or your favorite breakfast sandwich.

Ingredients

    2½ cups (312.5 g) all-purpose flour
    2 tablespoons baking powder
    2 teaspoons granulated sugar
    1 teaspoon salt
    ½ cup (113.5 g) cold unsalted butter, cut into ¼-inch cubes
    1 cup (240 ml) cold buttermilk
    ¼ cup (56.75 g) unsalted butter, melted, for brushing

Instructions 
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, sugar and salt.
Using a pastry blender (or two knives or your fingertips), quickly cut the butter into the flour mixture until the mixture resembles coarse meal with a few slightly larger butter lumps.
Using a rubber spatula or fork, stir in the buttermilk until the mixture forms a soft, slightly sticky ball.
Transfer the dough to a lightly floured surface and quickly form into a rough square. Be careful not to overmix. Pat the dough into a 1-inch-thick rectangle. Fold the dough letter-style into thirds, then lightly pat the dough back out into another 1-inch rectangle. Try to handle the dough as quickly and lightly as possible. Repeat the folding 2 more times; after the final fold, press or lightly roll the dough into a ½-inch-thick rectangle.
Using a 2½-inch round biscuit or cookie cutter, cut out the dough rounds and place on the prepared baking sheet. Pat and roll the remaining scraps to cut out more rounds. Brush with the melted butter and bake until the biscuit tops are light golden brown, 10 to 15 minutes. Brush with additional butter immediately, if desired. Serve warm or at room temperature. The biscuits are best served the day they are made, however leftovers can be stored in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 4 days. Reheat in a 350 degree F oven for 5 minutes